Add new dummy "libcyphal_demo" project (#21)
OpenCyphal-Garage/demos: libcyphal_demo/README.md

# LibCyphal demo application

This demo application is a usage demonstrator for [LibCyphal](https://github.com/OpenCyphal-Garage/libcyphal) ---

> a compact Cyphal UDP and CAN implementation for high-integrity systems written in C++14 and above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a compact multi-transport Cyphal implementation for high-integrity systems written in C++14 and above.
```

There's going to be TSN one day...

It implements a simple Cyphal node that showcases the following features:

- Fixed port-ID and non-fixed port-ID publishers.
- Fixed port-ID and non-fixed port-ID subscribers.
- Fixed port-ID RPC server.
- Plug-and-play node-ID allocation unless it is configured statically.
- Fast Cyphal Register API and non-volatile storage for the persistent registers.
- Support for redundant network interfaces.

This document will walk you through the process of building, running, and evaluating the demo
on a GNU/Linux-based OS.
It can be easily ported to another platform, such as a baremetal MCU,
by replacing the POSIX socket API and stdio with suitable alternatives;

> for details, please consult with `udp.h` and `storage.h`. **FIXME**

Author: will fix this later when I know for sure where such "platform" specific code end up
